doc/user: document mz_dependencies (#16936)
MaterializeInc/materialize: doc/user/content/sql/system-catalog/mz_internal.md

`error`       | [`text`]                      | If the sink is in an error state, the error message.
`details`     | [`jsonb`]                     | Additional metadata provided by the sink.

### `mz_object_dependencies`

> The `mz_object_dependencies` table tracks the dependencies between user-created objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `mz_object_dependencies` table describes the dependency structure between objects in the system.
```
